''The Man and His Camel.''

Once upon a time, a poor traveling merchant named Gary came across a magical camel, Henry, at the marketplace. An interesting salesperson approached the 
merchant, begging the merchant to purchase the camel. Gary looked at the salesperson with a look of bewilderment, but he figured that if 
he wishes to experience success as a traveling merchant, he needed to have the sufficient resources to transport the goods across large distances.

The salesperson exclaimed, "Please! I will hand you this cursed camel for any price. Even a few pennies would suffice!" 

Gary never believed in curses, especially as he only believed in tangible things that he could either physcially feel or see. He continued to stare at 
the salesperson and the camel, thinking about the benefits that the camel could have for his business. In his mind, the camel became a good source of labor
that could make his business flourish. Looking down at his broken bag filled with miscellaneous items, Gary determined that purchasing the camel
was a good choice. However, he only had a single, shiny penny in his pockets. 

Gary looked at the salesperson with a sheepish smile as he spoke in a quiet tone, "I only have this penny."

The salesperson's grin spread from ear to ear, his eyes sparking with pleasure. He nodded eagerly, grabbing Gary's remaining penny. The salesperson quickly
ran away from Gary, leaving behind his now confused camel. Gary looked up at the camel and gently petted Henry's head. 

"I suppose we'll be working together now, huh?" Gary's voice was soft, highlighting his deep exhaustion and his worry about the lack of money 
he now has. His last penny was spent on this "cursed" camel. What luck. 

Gary guided Henry through the marketplace, attempting to have Henry become familiar with his presence and being in a market area, for his overall 
intentions was to utilize the camel to transport merchandise. The camel seemed to become more calm as he spent more time with Gary, but he was still a bit awkward.
After Henry's experiences with the previous owner, he began to think that he, again, would be considered a "curse" and become abandoned. 

As soon as Gary walked through the entirety of the marketplace and familiarized himself with Henry, he decided to guide Henry back to his home. Still holding the ripped
bag filled with worthless merchandise, he began to question whether his choice of buying the camel was worth it. Every penny counted, after all. 

Later that night, Gary gathered all of the merchadise that he held in storage. He had been meaning to sell it, but due to his weak stature, he wasn't able to 
transport all of the goods efficiently. This was the reason for his extremely vulnerable state. He looked to Henry, a sense of hope filling his heart
as he began to think about the possibilities that would benefit Gary. Henry looked at him with a somewhat sheepish look -- it was as if he was trying to hide himself from the eyes of Gary. 

Gary approached Henry with a gentle tone. "Henry, do you think you'd be able to help me transport these goods? I'm terribly weak, and I need to sell these goods for the sake of 
bringing in an income."

Henry stared at Gary, feeling sympathy for the poor man. His eyes shifted to Gary's merchandise in the storage room. There were piles of valuable goods, which included
gold, silver, food, medicine, and other items that would greatly improve Gary's life. That is, only if he could actually transport and sell the goods. 

Henry nodded gently, afraid of scaring Gary due to their size differences. 

Gary smiled and nodded, patting Henry's back genty. "Just a few things would do. That's all I really ask anyways."

Suddenly, before Henry could even react, Henry's body begins to shift. His muscles become more prominent, emphasizing the increase in his strength. 
He felt bewildered, immediately expecting the worst reaction from Gary. His mind was racing with thoughts about the worst-case scenario, fearing that
Gary might learn to absolutely despise him as well. However, this wasn't the case.

Gary watched him with a look of surprise and admiration. He felt his heart beat quickly, excited with the prospects of improving his business. He realized that
his wishes for Henry to be able to hold more items allowed Henry to alter his body to accomodate for his wishes. Gary stared at Henry's change
in overall appearance, and he found himself smiling, which made Henry deeply bewildered. 

"Henry! You're a miracle! Now, you can hold more items for my business to grow! You're no curse -- you're a miracle!" Gary exclaimed.

Henry sighed happily; he felt the pressure and stress exit his body in response to Gary's positive reaction. He knew that Gary would appreciate his new
abilities and that he wouldn't be shamed for his unique abilities. He finally felt like he would be better appreciated with Gary now.

Now, Gary regularly alters Henry's strength to handle varying amounts of items. That way, Henry would be able to transport all of the merchandise to the 
marketplace. With the addition of Henry, Gary was able to fund for better housing and other living expenses. Together, they were able to lead a happier
life. 